Adding Identity Engine procedure for Registration Inline Hook Guide (#2418)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/registration-inline-hook/activate-and-enable/index.md

> > **Note:** You can also setup an inline hook using an API. See [Inline Hooks Management API](/docs/reference/api/inline-hooks/#create-inline-hook) for further information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** You can also set up an inline hook using an API. See [Inline Hooks Management API](/docs/reference/api/inline-hooks/#create-inline-hook) for further information.
```

### Enabling the Registration Inline Hook

The procedure to enable the Registration Inline Hook is dependent on the type of org you are using: Okta Identity Engine or Okta Classic. Follow the procedure for your specific org.

> After you enable the Registration Hook, you are ready to preview and test the example.

Author: Yes, I guess I was trying to "single-source" this rather than put it at the end of each procedure. But that's not too excessive. I'll move it. Thanks.

#### Enabling the Registration Inline Hook in Okta Identity Engine

<ApiLifecycle access="ie" />

> If you have an Okta Identity Engine org, you must [Enable and configure a profile enrollment policy](https://help.okta.com/oie/en-us/Content/Topics/identity-engine/policies/create-profile-enrollment-policy-sr.htm) to implement a Registration Inline Hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an Okta Identity Engine org, you must [enable and configure a profile enrollment policy](https://help.okta.com/oie/en-us/Content/Topics/identity-engine/policies/create-profile-enrollment-policy-sr.htm) to implement a Registration Inline Hook.
```

Author: I guess I was maintaining the capitalization of the help topic I was referencing; however, I prefer it lower case.

> > **Note:** Profile Enrollment and Registration Inline Hooks only work with the [Okta Sign-In Widget](/code/javascript/okta_sign-in_widget/) version 4.5 or later.

Reviewer: only work with => are only supported with?

> To associate the Registration Inline Hook with your Profile Enrollment policy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To associate a Registration Inline Hook with your Profile Enrollment policy:
```

Author: In theory, I'm referencing the specific example hook here.

1. In the Admin Console, go to **Security > Profile Enrollment**.

1. Click the pencil icon to edit the policy and associate it with your Registration Inline Hook.

> 1. In **Enrollment Settings**, click the More Options icon and then select **Edit**. If not already selected, click **Allowed** in the **For new users** section.

Reviewer: - "More Options icon" is capitalized, but the "pencil icon" (in the previous line) is not. I'm not sure what the convention is for referencing icons, but capitalization should be consistent?
- "click **Allowed**" => "select the **Allowed** check box" ?

Author: This whole page is ugly, unfriendly UX, imo. You need to know that the inverted ellipsis is the "More Options" icon. Anyway, I capitalized "Pencil" icon, and reformulated the "Allowed" radio button selection as: "Select **Allowed** for **Sign-up** in the **For new users** section."

> 1. Select your hook from the drop-down menu for **Use the following inline hook** under the options for **For new users**. If you have created multiple Registration Inline Hooks, you can see all of them displayed here.

Reviewer: suggestion => The drop-down menu displays all the Registration Inline Hooks you have created.

1. Click **Save**.

Your Registration Inline Hook is now configured for Profile Enrollment.

> **Note:** Only one Inline Hook can be associated with your Profile Enrollment policy at a time.

> #### Enabling the Registration Inline Hook in Okta Classic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Enable a Registration Inline Hook in Okta Classic
```

<ApiLifecycle access="ea" />
If you have an Okta Classic org, you must enable [self-service registration (SSR)](/docs/guides/set-up-self-service-registration/before-you-begin/) to implement a Registration Inline Hook.

> > **Note:** Self-service registration and Registration Inline Hooks only work with the [Okta Sign-In Widget](/code/javascript/okta_sign-in_widget/) version 2.9 or later.

Reviewer: only work with => is only supported with

To enable the Registration Inline Hook on the self-service registration page:

1. In the Admin Console, go to **Directory** > **Self-Service Registration**.

1. Click **Edit**.

> 1. From the **Extension** field drop-down menu, select the hook you set up and activated previously ("Guide Registration Hook Code") .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the **Extension** field drop-down menu, select the hook you've set up and activated previously (for example, "Guide Registration Hook Code") .
```

Author: This is referring to the hook created in a previous page, so, it's not really an example.
